[Music]
what is the first day of all starts here
at the NA LCS studio with coverage
presented by HTC eSports entering right
now by Ozzy himself and we're gonna be
talking a little bit about all-stars all
right so we just saw a crazy match
between you guys and North America first
off what did you think of that game was
it very high skill and what allowed you
to come back
Ginny gone up a meeting leave a film
phone qualities I wish I wish I needs a
mashanda know you would you jump beside
the cheese from Hanahan gamma has a meal
inside of you inside relative on your
talents a holiday for my cheek and yeah
I should tell how the insular I know
so you think they're very lucky to win
the game there are parts that play so
bad and there are parts they play very
well but Indiana you think it's a lucky
game I heard a rumor that China was one
of the few regions that was able to
really practice and prepare for this
event how much practice have you has
your team been able to put in for
all-stars party or challenge or a woman
some good that's your well I take a
medium beside to handle dashingly in
general - you know oco-2 traumatization
she's cheney and attention you are
welcome
I should go via to machinima - Rattata
hydrophones so the date assemble
everyone - to practice sort of a boot
camp boot camp but well it's a relaxing
tournament and now I'm there more
trading it seriously right so they just
want to come out here and relax and have
some fun
were you able to go to Disneyland
yesterday it's only og decent Nima yeah
what did you think of it and were there
any fun moments your mother might have
eh it of way either diva - homage to
Villa later watch engine and I saw what
it all
I think it's a really fun experience
going to Disneyland but it's also really
tired for him you haven't walked that
long for a while I'm sorry yes I've had
that problem before it Disneyland as
well I'm very curious have you had a
chance to pay attention to any of the
roster changes or any differences in
north america or europe during this off
season and if so what do you think honey
- Andrew just Oh Toby made it this year
joy that she she show you the sincere no
need to do smoke on fire to melt away
told a bunch of attention to the open
door to change tranquility to routine
Ian I'd say Dada is the Trump way from
all close attention - so he might miss
some details but he knows that it's it's
been a crazy year for you probably the
craziest year for many years yeah yeah
alright kind of wrapping this up what do
you think of the 1v1 tournament this
year because I know that you have shown
considerable skill in the past so what
do you think of the 1v1 tournament this
year
you went away on you gonna be Cheney and
that's ago you do a piece and you know
some kind of a you and each and I am
gonna hurt a bit hungover I didn't you
did I take a solo samurai Houcine agua
Henan to the holder clear beta hydrogen
could I go garnish Geneva so it felt
like for the previous year's or the
player wasn't trading when we won -
seriously
but this year around everyone's you know
putting more attention into one one
matchup so if he's able to wing it again
this year that will prove his skill
Guzzi is there anything you want to say
to any of the fans that are watching or
the giant mob of people that have
surrounded us while we've been filming
this one John yo soy de ferran guys here
- olifants the Hyeok weather officer I
oh she's national offense the sheriff -
got hit by a torpedo what see anyone
okay so thank everyone that's watching
for supporting me for the years and
especially for the one that
that's right here watching right here he
is feeling really cold but still he's
thankful for everyone to come out well
Susie is feeling very cold so
unfortunately he won't be able to do any
pictures or anything but we'll get you
inside right now for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel